[labs/nextjs, labs/ssr-react, lit/react] Add support for Next.js v14 and App Router (#4575)
lit/lit: .changeset/polite-rice-stare.md

---
'@lit-labs/ssr-react': minor
---

> The Node build of `@lit-labs/ssr-react/enable-lit-ssr.js` will now also monkey-patch `react/runtime-jsx` to include logic for deeply SSR Lit components without modifying `jsxImportSource` in tsconfig.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Node build of `@lit-labs/ssr-react/enable-lit-ssr.js` now also monkey-patches `react/runtime-jsx` to include logic for deeply server-rendering Lit components without modifying `jsxImportSource` in tsconfig.
```
